---
title: Version 3.1.0 released
excerpt: Details of the 3.1.0 release
tags: [releases]
date: 2021-12-19
slug: version-3-1-0-released
---

This release is mostly a bug fix release with a couple of new features around BBCode conversion tag matching which should make it easier to write some types of converters (thanks to @live627). The input event has also been added as it's now supported in all browsers the editor supports.

There is also a new alternative lists plugin for BBCodes (thanks to @abetis for creating).

A lot of annoying bugs have been fixed in this release.

A big thanks to everyone who contributed!

## Full changelog:

<ul>
    <li>Fixed issue with destroy() not correctly unbinding from form submit event.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @BurninLeo for reporting and fixing
    <li>Fixed issue with image width and height not always using base-10.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @euantorano for reporting and fixing
    <li>Fixed label for image drop-down having wrong ID for input.
    <li>Fixed issue with pasting from Word sometimes pasting an image.
    <li>Fixed issue with focus being lost after maximizing and switching between
        WYSIWYG and source modes.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @live627 for reporting and fixing
    <li>Added input event to events that can be bound to.
    <li>Fixed issue with pasting copying browser and style sheet styles.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @abetis and @paullaffitte for reporting
    <li>Fixed autosave plugin losing caret position on page refresh.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to Lars for reporting
    <li>Fixed issue some block elements like &lt;details&gt; being treated as inline elements.
    <li>Fixed issues with fixNesting() where &lt;hr&gt; would split sometimes split
        quotes, &lt;code&gt; tags were sometimes split and &lt;p&gt; tags containing
        &lt;blockquotes&gt; were not fixed correctly.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @timint and MyBB users for reporting.
    <li>Fixed issue with content being lost when back button pressed or tab suspended.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @johnaweiss for reporting and @ for fixing
    <li>Updated XHTML format to convert div tags pasted into code blocks to spans to
        prevent them being split.
    <li>Updated undo plugin to be much more reliable.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @q2apro for reporting issues.
    <li>Updated editor to set selection to end if focus() is called when there is no
        current selection.
    <li>Added alternative lists BBCode plugin which adds phpBB format BBCode lists.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @abetis for creating.
    <li>Fixed bug with editor losing content when back button pressed.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @johnaweiss for reporting and @jdarwood007 for initial fix.
    <li>Fixed bug with Firefox alignment status not always being correct.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @RezaRamezanpour for reporting.
    <li>Added strict matching mode option which requires all attributes or styles
        to match.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @live627 for implementing
    <li>Updated YouTube plugin to strip unnecessary styles when converting a link
        to an embed.
        <br />&ndash; Thanks to @Sesquipedalian for reporting
    <li>Added support for matching styles like an attribute.
</ul>
